    LINK TO MY CSS+HTML PRACTICE CODEPEN: https://codepen.io/ElTucan/pen/MWYXxYd
    
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML gives content meaning; can help withSEO and accessibility. Semantic HTML should let you know what an element is for.
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML gives a webpage structure.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
An example of an attribute would be "href" in an <a> tag to point to a website. 
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
  "h1" is a header tag and is like its name implies a header much like a header in a paper document that introduces a body of text. "h1's" can be used more than once but there purpose is to stand out or introduce content.
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
input, form, and button are require attributes because they are action tags
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
meta information, link to a stylesheet and title of document
    
    7. What is an id? 
an id should be used once and uses a "#" css selector; it is an attribute
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
any element
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
once
    
    10. What is a class? 
a class is an attribute that is used to specify what element you want to do something unique to
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
all of them
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
multiple 
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
using the a tag with an href attribute equaling the url to go to
    
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
this allows a screen reader to let someone that can't see know what content is on page
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 




   --> 